OSDOCS-8294: adding Agent Known Issue to RNs (#66650)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-14-release-notes.adoc

* Broadcom network interface controllers in legacy Single Root I/O Virtualization (SR-IOV) do not support quality of service (QoS) and tag protocol identifier (TPID) settings for the SRIOV VLAN. This affects Broadcom BCM57414, Broadcom BCM57508, and Broadcom BCM57504. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHEL-9881[*RHEL-9881*])

> * Agent-based installations on vSphere will fail due to a failure to remove node taint, which causes the installation to be stuck in a pending state.

Reviewer: Please add that the SNO cluster is not impacted.

> * Agent-based installations on vSphere with multiple worker nodes might fail due to a failure to remove node taint, which causes the installation to be stuck in a pending state.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Agent-based installations on vSphere will fail due to a failure to remove node taint, which causes the installation to be stuck in a pending state.
```

Reviewer 2: The issue also happens with compact clusters that have no workers.

* In hosted control planes for {product-title}, on the bare metal and {VirtProductName} platforms, the auto-repair function is disabled. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-20028[*OCPBUGS-20028*])

* Agent-based installations on vSphere will fail due to a failure to remove node taint, which causes the installation to be stuck in a pending state.
{sno-caps} clusters are not impacted.
There is no current workaround.

> (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-20049[*OCPBUGS-20049*])

Reviewer 3: Did you intend these line breaks to render as new lines? If not, suggest removing the hard breaks.

Author: These are all meant to be parts of a single paragraph, I'm just splitting them up in the adoc for a cleaner look/better ability to reference specific sentences.
